Welcome back everybody. Let's go ahead and
go through this installation process and see
how this actually works. So I cannot I can't
actually increase the screen size here. Hopefully
you can see everything. I can see from quite
some distance away, so hopefully you can as
well. I'll just go ahead and begin the installation
process. First of all, we have an option for
Kali live. We don't care about the live at
the moment. I've shown you how to use the
live before. We're just going to select the
install. Press enter and it will go through.
Okay, the mouse pointer integration and all
that is not functional at the moment. The
release key is right control as you can see.
I'm in in the text mode only now, so I can't
really choose that. But once installation
is complete, the release key for the mouse
will be the right control. Okay, so select
your language here. I'll go ahead and select
English and select UK. Select appropriately
for yourselves whatever you wish. These are
only my preferences, you can select any that
are offered here. Feel free to do so. Okay,
so the installation process is going through.
It shouldn't take too long. Well, this is
not the installation process. This is loading
all the other things. Installation will begin
shortly, once we have configured all the parameters.
Okay, it's going through. Come on. Network
successful, hostname. Which will be to hostname,
I don't know. My Fedora is called cup of tea.
Let's call this one cup of coffee. You can
change this later if you wish. domain name--
I don't really care about this, just go through
it. Root password: Now, please. I've noticed
a lot of people forget their root passwords
when they type them in here. Type in the root
password. I'm just going ahead and typing
in "test" because this is a virtual machine,
and I'm just doing the installation for testing
purposes. I just typed in test, but you can
type in whatever you want. Please be sure
to remember this. Press continue again. Retype
your password to confirm it. It doesn't give
me any warnings, even though the password
is way too short. We can of course change
this later, but for the time being, please
be sure to remember. So, guided use entire
disk select for this. There is only one that
we have assigned to this virtual machine.
All files in one partition, recommended for
new users. Sure, why not. Finish partitioning
and write changes to disk. Write changes to
disk, yes. There we go. So, no big deal. Now,
the installation has commenced. This is going
to take a while. It may ask a few questions
along the way. No big deal. Usually there
will be a default option which you can select
and that's going to be good enough. If there
is anything of significance, I will take some
screenshots and inform you of the changes
that I have chosen. For the time being I'm
going to pause the tutorial here. I'm not
going to make another one. I'm just going
to pause here. I'll continue within this one
when the installation is complete. That way
you don't have to sit here for like 10-15
minutes or more waiting for this thing to
complete. Okay, so installation is going.
This is the first question that I was asked:
use a network mirror? Yes. HTPP proxy information--
I don't really need it. I'm not going through
a proxy server. Just just select continue.
It's scanning the mirror. It is just gonna
go forward and retrieve some files, etc. Anyway,
we're going pause until the next problem.
Okay, so the next the next question is: the
grub boot loader a hard disk. Sure, why not.
Just go ahead and install it. Then, select
select this device. This is the only one that
you have on the VirtualBox so it's fine. Go
ahead and select it. Now the procedure will
just continue. Okay, so it was just a question
to actually go ahead and reboot the machine
and finish of the installation. All you need
to do is click on continue. Okay, so now we
are prompted here with this screen after the
reboot. Just go ahead and type in root, enter.
Now, type in the password. Enter. There you
go. The machine will boot. It might take a
bit of time. It is first the first boot, so
be considerate and kind. That will be it.
That is the Kali VirtualBox machine. Next
up, the what we shall do is install guest
additions in order to make it functional.
Anyway, we are going to do that in the next
tutorial, as a separate part. Until then,
I bid you all farewell.